Update README.md - Add Missing Project description (#5)
Mintbase/ref-finance-agent-next: README.md

# DeFi Swap AI Assistant 
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/xUkwJiK.png" alt="cover_image"  width="0" />

> Ref Finance Agent is a Next.js 14 template for creating decentralized finance (DeFi) applications. 

Reviewer: Suggestion:

Ref Finance Agent is a template for creating a Bitte.ai Plugin for facilitating DeFi swaps using Ref Finance.  Built using Next.js 14 + Elysia.

Reviewer: Maybe also include a link to  https://docs.mintbase.xyz/ai/assistant-plugins

Author: thanks for the suggestion :)
updated

> Ref Finance Agent is a Next.js 14 template for creating decentralized finance (DeFi) applications. 

Author: ```suggestion
Ref Finance Agent is a template for creating a Bitte.ai Plugin for facilitating DeFi swaps using Ref Finance. Built using Next.js 14 + Elysia.

[Build your own agent](https://docs.mintbase.xyz/ai/assistant-plugins)
```

> Built by Bitte, it facilitates the development of AI-powered DeFi swap agents. The template supports creating, managing, and deploying DeFi swap functionalities.

Author: ```suggestion
```
